Peering/azure/docs (#475)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/resources/04-40-10-azure-vpc-peering.md

## Azure Vpc Peering

The `azurevpcpeering.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` custom resource (CR) specifies the virtual network peering between 

> Kyma and remote Azure Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network. Virtual network peering is only possible withing the networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma and the remote Azure Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network. Virtual network peering is only possible within the networks
```

of the same cloud provider.

> 

Reviewer: Please remove the empty lines 7-8.

> Once an AzureVpcPeering CR is created and reconciled, the Cloud Manager controller first creates virtual network peering 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an AzureVpcPeering CR is created and reconciled, the Cloud Manager controller first creates a virtual network peering 
```

connection in the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network of the Kyma cluster in the underlying cloud provider and accepts
VPC peering connection in the remote cloud provider subscription.

> You must authorize Cloud Manager service principal kyma-cloud-manager-ENV in remote cloud provider subscription to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must authorize Cloud Manager service principal `kyma-cloud-manager-ENV` in the remote cloud provider subscription to
```

> accept VPC peering connection. Assign following IAM roles to Cloud Manager service principal in the remote subscription: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accept VPC peering connection. Assign the following IAM roles to the Cloud Manager service principal in the remote subscription: 
```

* Classic Network Contributor
* Network Contributor

> AzureVpcPeering can be deleted at any time but VPC peering connection in the remote subscription must be deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AzureVpcPeering can be deleted at any time but the VPC peering connection in the remote subscription must be deleted
```

manually.

## Specification <!-- {docsify-ignore} -->

This table lists the parameters of the given resource together with their descriptions:

**Spec:**

| Parameter               | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                   |
|-------------------------|--------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **allowVnetAccess**     | bool   | Specifies whether the VMs in the local virtual network space would be able to access the VMs in remote virtual network space, and vice versa. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **allowVnetAccess**     | bool   | Specifies whether the VMs in the local virtual network space can access the VMs in the remote virtual network space and vice versa. |
```
